In June, we incorporated three new roles to our work team:
- Project and Course Development Manager
- Infrastructure and Impact Measurement Manager
- Communication and Communities Manager

Paz Míguez is our new Project and Course Development Manager. She has a degree in Political Science from the University of Buenos Aires and a Master's in Educational Policy from the Torcuato Di Tella University.
She will be stewarding the creation of new contents and the essential administrative tasks that ensure the MetaDocencia´s operation. In addition, she will lead our annual events program, and also monitor and evaluate most of our teams and projects.
Email: paz.miguez@metadocencia.org

Melissa Black is our new Infrastructure and Impact Measurement Manager. Melissa lives in Brazil and has a PhD in Human Geography from the University of São Paulo. She investigates issues related to connectivity, technology and society in Latin America.
Melissa will be in charge of leading, supervising, and managing the digital infrastructure and measuring our impact operations efficacy. She will be working with everyone in our community to ensure the proper functioning of our digital infrastructure. She will also be in charge of collecting and analyzing data and generating useful reports for monitoring and decision making.
Mail: mblack@metadocencia.org 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/melissablck

Laura Ascenzi joins our team as our Communication and Communities Manager. She has a degree in Social Communications and a postgraduate degree in Management of Innovative Technologies from the National University of Córdoba, Argentina.
In this role, she will be in charge of leading, supervising, and coordinating communications and interaction within our community and other communities related to MetaDocencia. She will also be responsible for interacting with MetaDocencia teams and collaborators to optimize internal and external communication and give visibility to all the contributions.
Email: laurel@metadocencia.org

With these brilliant new community members, MetaDocencia is ready to bring to its whole community new workshops, projects, and events. We keep groing our scope and facilitate the participation of existing and new community members to promote capacity building in less favored countries.

Welcome, Laurel, Melissa and Paz!
